Update firebase-js-auth-setup.md with release of Firebase SDK 10 (#123)
expo/fyi: firebase-js-auth-setup.md

> # Recommended Additional Setup for Firebase Authentication (Firebase JS SDK >v10 only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Recommended Additional Setup for Firebase Authentication
```

No need to mention package version in every section heading.

> With the release of Firebase JS SDK `v10.0.0` (package [`firebase`](https://npmjs.com/firebase) on npm), React Native Persistence is now built directly into the library. That means that if you are using any version **above** `v10.0.0` (inclusive) of Firebase JS SDK, you **do not need to follow any of the steps on this page**, as they will not work, because persistence is now included in the SDK out of the box. If you are running a version below `v10.0.0` of the SDK, then continue reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the release of [Firebase JS SDK `v10.0.0`](https://npmjs.com/firebase), React Native Persistence is now built directly into the library. If you are using any version **above** `v10.0.0` of Firebase JS SDK, you **do not need to follow any of the steps on this page**.

If you are using a version below `v10.0.0` of the SDK, follow the steps described in this guide.
```

> ## Switching to the React Native Persistence Manager (Firebase JS SDK >v10 only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Switching to the React Native Persistence Manager
```

```
Depending on your version of Firebase and React Native, you may see deprecation warnings or failures, as Firebase uses React Native core local storage. If that is the case, the instructions for using a custom persistence manager can help.

> ## Using a Custom Persistence Manager (Firebase JS SDK >v10 only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a Custom Persistence Manager
```

)
```

> ## Web Compatiblity (Firebase JS SDK >v10 only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Web Compatiblity
```
